h1. EGOTextFieldAlertView

Created by enormego

EGOTextFieldAlertView is a subclass of UIAlertView that adds support for UITextFields, without needing to use any of the private methods, to avoid your binary being rejected from AppStore.

Text fields will look identical to the ones in the private methods for UIAlertView, however the method calls are different, so there's no chance of tripping Apple's analyzer.

h2. Methods

_- (void)addTextField:(UITextField*)textField;_
Allows you to add a UITextField directly, without having EGOTextFieldAlertView create it for you.

_- (UITextField*)addTextFieldWithLabel:(NSString*)label;_
Creates and adds a UITextField, setting the placeholder value to the label parameter.

_- (UITextField*)addTextFieldWithLabel:(NSString*)label value:(NSString*)value;_
Creates and adds a UITextField, setting the placeholder value to the label parameter, and the text value to the value parameter.

_- (UITextField*)textFieldForIndex:(NSInteger)index;_
Returns the UITextField instance at the specified index.  Note: This method is not called "textFieldAtIndex:" because there's a private method in UIAlertView with that name.

_@property(nonatomic,readonly) NSInteger numberOfTextFields;_
Returns the number of text fields added to the current instance

_@property(nonatomic,readonly) UITextField* firstTextField;_
Returns the first text field, identical to calling [alertView textFieldForIndex:0], with the exception that firstTextField will return nil if there aren't any text fields, where as textFieldForIndex will throw an exception.

h2. License

EGOTextFieldAlertView is available under the MIT license:

_Copyright (c) 2009 enormego_

_Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy_
_of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal_
_in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights_
_to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell_
_copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is_
_furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:_

_The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in_
_all copies or substantial portions of the Software._

_THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR_
_IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,_
_FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE_
_AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER_
_LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,_
_OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN_
_THE SOFTWARE._